docs(SDB): Update connection page and troubleshooting MTA-4792 (#3499)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/sql-databases/how-to/connect-to-a-database.mdx

This page shows you how to set up the connection to a Serverless SQL Database using the Scaleway console.

## Overview

To connect to a Serverless SQL Database, you can either use a **connection string**, or **connection parameters**.

>   - A connection string provides the necessary information and parameters to establish a connection between an IAM principal (i.e. a user or an application) and the database. The string is written as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A connection string provides the necessary information and parameters to establish a connection between an [IAM User](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#user) or [Application](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#application) and the database. The string is written as follows:
```
IAM Principal includes also IAM groups, which cannot cannot to a database. Hence I recall we settled on the standard formulation "IAM User or Application"

Reviewer 2: :+1: but user and application should not be capitalized (to stay consistent with existing doc)

>   - A connection string provides the necessary information and parameters to establish a connection between an IAM principal (i.e. a user or an application) and the database. The string is written as follows:

Reviewer 3: Maybe link to the principal concept

      ```
      postgres://[user-or-application-id]:[api-secret-key]@[database-hostname]:5432/[database-name]?sslmode=require
      ```
      <Message type="note">
      The `?sslmode=require` is mandatory to connect to your database. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/sql-databases/api-cli/secure-connection-ssl-tls/) for more information about SSL connection to Serverless SQL Databases.
      </Message>

>   - Connection parameters provide the necessary information and parameters to connect an IAM principal (i.e. a user or an application) to a database. The parameters are expressed in the `KEY="value"` value format, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Connection parameters provide the necessary information and parameters to connect an[IAM User](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#user) or [Application](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#application) to a database. The parameters are expressed in the `KEY="value"` value format, as follows:
```

      ```
      PGUSER="user-or-application-id"
      PGPASSWORD="api-secret-key"
      PGHOST="database-hostname"
      PGPORT="5432"
      PGDATABASE="database-name"
      ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <Message type="note">
      The `PGSSLMODE="require"` is mandatory to connect to your database but should be the default value with most SQL clients. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/sql-databases/api-cli/secure-connection-ssl-tls/) for more information about SSL connection to Serverless SQL Databases.
      </Message>
```

>   Connection methods may vary depending on the framework or library used in your application. Refer to the corresponding official documentation for more information.

Reviewer: We can also point here to the documentation about SSL/TLS: https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/sql-databases/api-cli/secure-connection-ssl-tls/
It's about SSL/TLS but also provide code snippets for many clients and languages that could help.
